>> Bianca Gandolfo: [NOISE] So
here we have an example of our inner box.
So we just have a doubly nested object.
We can handle this, right?
It's only two.
And with property full equals true.
What's gonna happen in
this next line here?
[BLANK AUDIO] How
about Ben,
what do you think?
>> Ben: For what,
what's the question?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: What's the line going
to do?
>> Ben: Set the property of
height of the objects in your box to 10.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Good
guess, any one think something
different?
>> Speaker 3: Undefined because
innerBox doesn't have quotes around it.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yes.
>> Speaker 3: [LAUGH]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Good.
Good catch.
Seeing if you guys are awake.
>> Speaker 3: [LAUGH]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: There's coffee in
the back.
>> Speaker 3: [LAUGH]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay, awesome.
So we fixed that.
Cool.
That will pass.
What about the last line there?
That's not gonna work.
And so, what my request to you is
make that last line work without
changing the last line itself.
And we want innerBox2 is
gonna be in different object.
So, there's a few things you're gonna
need to do to make that last line work.
You can do it here above it so
that that won't throw an error.
So I'll give you guys
about five minutes to do
it.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And
also note innerBox2 is a different object.
It's not the same as innerBox.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Did
you have a question?
>> Speaker 4: Did you mean to
do that without quotes?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yes, so this line will
not be changed.
>> Speaker 4: Box to be another box.
[CROSSTALK] a sibling of inner box?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yes, exactly.
So it'll be another object.
So you need to create
a new object in there.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool, so
our online friend Soncar sorry
if I pronounce your name wrong.
Answered this, so I'll just go ahead,
type out the answer.
So, to do this, we first need to
create a variable called innerBox2.
We know that because innerBox2
doesn't have quotes, and
we can call it something else even.
So we can call it otherBox.
And then we have to unbox,
put a property called otherBox, and
set it equal to an empty object.
So we need to do this first so
that we have an empty object,
on box, to add the full property too.
So now we say, box Which is our object,
and then we say, look, that's a variable.
What is that variable?
So, it's otherBox, so you can imagine
then that this is swapped out, so
that would say box, otherBox, which.
We know is an empty object here.
And then we'll just put in
nested property on there.
I'm sorry, we'll just put
a property onto that object,
set equal to false.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And that's the answer.
Whoops.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Any
questions on how we got from.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: From
just the empty object?
From the variable to the empty object?
>> Speaker 5: Couldn't you just assign
inner box two to box [INAUDIBLE]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Then it would say,
then it would be kind of like saying this,
which wouldn't make sense because we
don't have But you really don't want,
that's called like circular pointing.
That's like, something you don't wanna do.
But, yeah, you can't really
do that.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Because
we don't have a property
called box on box, right?
So you could, create it, I guess, but.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So Kate asks,
when do you know to set
a variable to an empty object?
Do you always have to do that,
is it a best practice thing?
Well, if you're creating an object-
>> Speaker 6: Can you repeat
the question?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Sure.
The question is, when do you know to
set a variable to an empty object and
do you always have to do that,
and is it a best practice thing.
So whenever you create an object from
scratch, that's what you have to do.
There is constructor notation
with a keyword new and
then a capital O object, but
that's not a best practice in general.
And so,
it's better just to initialize your empty
object using the curly brackets.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So what this does is
that it just creates an empty object so
that you can add properties to it.